User Story / Gameplay

    1. Describe the gameplay
        The game is a virtual ping-pong game, where a paddle, which you can move, 
        hits a ball. If the ball makes it on the other side, then you gain a point.
    2. What are the conditions when the game begins?
        The board is set, and the paddle hits a ball. 
    3. Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
        The game ends when someone earns 11 points. 
    4. What ifs will there be?
        One if would be if the ball hits the paddle and another if 
        would be if the ball misses the paddle. 

Visual Game Components:

    1. What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components were the board and the box.
        The game componenents are the two paddles on either side of the board
        and the moving ball. 
        - The board will be static.
        - The paddles and the box will be animated.
    2. What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in Bouncing Box, the data values were positionX, speedX, and points.
       I will need to manage the x and y coordinates and how it changes when the ball moves. 
       Also, I will need to manage the speeed of the ball, keyboard input, board boundaries, and points. 

Events / Logic: 

    1. What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)
       When an arrow key is pressed (keyboard events), the paddle will move.
    2. How do those events affect the data of the program?
        They can either hit the ball or miss it, which manages the points system of the game.
    3. For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen. It is better (and tricky) to be as specific as you can while remaining high-level!
        If the ball hits the paddle, bounce it and reverse the speed.
        If the ball misses the paddles, update the variable for points. 
        As the ball moves between different x and y values, update its position. 
        If an arrow key is pressed, move the paddle to its corresponding key. 